font.family           : sans-serif
font.weight           : light
font.style            : normal
font.size             : 8
font.sans-serif       : [Geneva Lucid Arial Helvetica Avant Garde sans-serif]

axes.edgecolor        : 0.5
axes.labelpad         : 1.0
axes.axisbelow        : True
#axes.xmargin      : .9
#axes.grid.which   : major

xtick.major.size      : 2.5
xtick.major.pad       : 1.0
xtick.direction       : in
xtick.labelsize       : medium
ytick.major.size      : 2.5
ytick.major.pad       : 1.0
ytick.direction       : in
ytick.labelsize       : medium

axes.linewidth        : 0.8
axes.grid             : True
axes.grid.axis        : y
grid.linestyle        : :
grid.linewidth        : 0.5

legend.fontsize       : medium
legend.borderpad      : 0.3
legend.labelspacing   : 0.15
legend.handlelength   : 1.0
legend.handletextpad  : 0.5
legend.columnspacing  : 1.0
legend.frameon        : True
legend.framealpha     : 0.8

lines.markersize      : 4
markers.fillstyle     : none
lines.color           : red

errorbar.capsize      : 2

savefig.bbox          : tight
savefig.format        : pdf

figure.autolayout     : False
savefig.pad_inches  : 0.02